README.md, before:

# SecondTeamProject

1)Teamwork-Assignment-Live-Chat  
2)Teamwork-Assignment-Personal-Ads  
3)Teamwork-Assignment-Productivity-Board  
4)Teamwork-Assignment-Ticket-Store  
5)Teamwork-Assignment-Travel-Guide  


Ux/Prototyping excersize  
this team selected on the random principle to work on "Ticket-Store"

Online Ticket Store
1.	Requirements  
Create a Web-based application for selling tickets for various venues (concerts, festivals, theater plays, etc.). The web application is supposed to include two parts:  
•	Categorized catalog of venues with ability to view detailed information and purchase tickets  
•	Administration interface for addition, editing and deletion of events  
  
Provide the following functionality to all visitors (without authentication):  
•	View upcoming events  
•	Browse categories of events  
•	Advanced search (by category, date, price, location, etc.)  
•	View details about an event (information, location, date, price and availability of tickets)  
  
In addition to the previous functionality, registered users can:  
•	Purchase tickets  
•	Manage their profile  
  
Authenticated administrators should be able to:  
•	Create / edit / delete events  
•	Manage available tickets 
  
Ticket count is updated live, to avoid conflicts. When purchasing a ticket, a user registration is required, but product basket is preserved.  
  
Create a Web UI prototype for the Online Ticket Store system.  
  
2.	Team Organization  
Create a GitHub organization for all team members, or a GitHub project with collaborators. Initialize the project with a Readme.md file in which you should describe what each team member is doing.  
Split the different views (core pages) of your assignment and have each team member work on at least one task. Commit the results to the GitHub repository.  
  
3.	Tools  
When creating the prototypes, you are free to use whatever method you like, including paper and post-it notes (take pictures and commit them to the repository). Additionally, you may use image editing software, HTML+CSS, or a prototyping tool (Indigo Studio, Balsamiq, etc.).  
  
4.	Submitting Your Work  
You have until 9. July to submit a link to your GitHub repository on the course page under Exercise: Creating a UI Prototype:
https://softuni.bg/trainings/1686/practical-teamwork-javascript-may-2017  
If you used a prototyping tool that works online, submit a link to your project page instead, and make sure it’s publicly accessible. Every team member submits the same link!

Commit message:

Added Google Slide link and team task assignments

README.md, after:

# SecondTeamProject

1)Teamwork-Assignment-Live-Chat  
2)Teamwork-Assignment-Personal-Ads  
3)Teamwork-Assignment-Productivity-Board  
4)Teamwork-Assignment-Ticket-Store  
5)Teamwork-Assignment-Travel-Guide  


Ux/Prototyping excersize  
this team selected on the random principle to work on "Ticket-Store"

Online Ticket Store
1.	Requirements  
Create a Web-based application for selling tickets for various venues (concerts, festivals, theater plays, etc.). The web application is supposed to include two parts:  
•	Categorized catalog of venues with ability to view detailed information and purchase tickets  
•	Administration interface for addition, editing and deletion of events  
  
Provide the following functionality to all visitors (without authentication):  
•	View upcoming events  
•	Browse categories of events  
•	Advanced search (by category, date, price, location, etc.)  
•	View details about an event (information, location, date, price and availability of tickets)  
  
In addition to the previous functionality, registered users can:  
•	Purchase tickets  
•	Manage their profile  
  
Authenticated administrators should be able to:  
•	Create / edit / delete events  
•	Manage available tickets 
  
Ticket count is updated live, to avoid conflicts. When purchasing a ticket, a user registration is required, but product basket is preserved.  
  
Create a Web UI prototype for the Online Ticket Store system.  
  
2.	Team Organization  
Create a GitHub organization for all team members, or a GitHub project with collaborators. Initialize the project with a Readme.md file in which you should describe what each team member is doing.  
Split the different views (core pages) of your assignment and have each team member work on at least one task. Commit the results to the GitHub repository.  

Our Approach:
Every team member did a paper sketch of the entire app (see repo). It quickly became apparent from the paper sketches that each team member was focusing on a certain part of the app, so we carried that onto the computer prototype.  
  
Tasks assignment:
Nikolay Kolchev (NK) => 
Nikolay Chernev (NC) =>
Joro Todorov (JT) =>
Iova Dineva (ID) => overall graphic direction, Search and Calendar Views
  
3.	Tools  
When creating the prototypes, you are free to use whatever method you like, including paper and post-it notes (take pictures and commit them to the repository). Additionally, you may use image editing software, HTML+CSS, or a prototyping tool (Indigo Studio, Balsamiq, etc.).  
  
Our Approach:  
We used Google Slides    
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NKJL2IRH6-llNRTqHm4iShkZT2yiGhxC5yGMmx97Lvk/edit?usp=sharing  
goo.gl/yjLEBq  
  
4.	Submitting Your Work  
You have until 9. July to submit a link to your GitHub repository on the course page under Exercise: Creating a UI Prototype:
https://softuni.bg/trainings/1686/practical-teamwork-javascript-may-2017  
If you used a prototyping tool that works online, submit a link to your project page instead, and make sure it’s publicly accessible. Every team member submits the same link!
